What’s the largest age gap between you and your sexual partners?
Does size really matter?
Do you have a favorite sibling?
What have you bought that’s been the biggest waste of money?
What is a secret you have never told anyone?
Do you have a hidden talent?
Do you have a favorite friend?
Name someone you’ve pretended to like but actually couldn’t stand.
If you could become invisible, what’s the worst thing you’d do?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done at work?
Rate everyone playing from your most to least favorite.
What is your most absurd deal breaker?
Have you ever broken the law?
If you had to get back with an ex, who would you choose?
Who would you call in the room to help bury a body?
Who is the most surprising person to ever slide into your DMs?
What is something you’re glad your mum doesn’t know about you?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
What’s the one thing you’d never do for all the money in the world?
Who do you think is the worst dressed person in the room?
Who in the room would be the worst person to date and why?
What is the strangest rumour you’ve heard about yourself?
Have you ever lied to get out of a bad date? If so, what was the lie?
If you farted in the elevator, would you blame someone else or say excuse me?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done on public transportation?
Who was your worst kiss ever?
What was the last thing you searched for on your phone?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
What would you do if you got locked in a supermarket overnight?
If you were the opposite sex for one day, what would you do?
What is the most drunk you have ever been?
What's the scariest thing you've ever done?
What's your biggest regret?
What's a bad habit you have?
What's one thing on your bucket list?
When was the last time you cried?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
If you met a genie, what would your three wishes be?
What is your biggest fear?
What’s your biggest insecurity?
What is something that no one else knows about you?
What’s the one thing you’d do if you knew there were no consequences?
What is the most annoying thing about me?
What is the last lie you told?